hey everybody welcome back to the line
please abiding by Stanford Plus where
we've lost the last run we're creating
like a bad spot and then it got rear old
into the worst spot that you could ever
imagine
m'kay mm and kdh with a strange seat
here you play as Maggie well with 2020
so already life is great but basically
we're gonna start doing some random runs
again I like to you know I do Eton runs
and then I die I do random runs and I
Diana Eaton runs when I die I take a
whiskey drink and take a lager drink
take a schnapps drink I take a cider
drink I don't remember there's only four
different kinds of drinks and they're
all talked about in tub-thumping by
Chumbawamba so I can't believe I've
forgotten some here definitely you sing
the songs that remind you of the good
times and then you sing the songs that
remind us of the best times I got
trapped on a rock there but yeah like
the last run I do take some
responsibility but no matter what we
were always going to reroll that run as
long as there was a reroll machine at
the end we're going to re-roll because
it's a non daily run on non daily runs
unless there's like some mitigating
circumstances you reroll because if you
don't reroll your little baby okay let's
just what it comes down to and this is
not an l2 character this is NL the real
voting citizen if you don't play the
video game the way I play this video
game you're a little baby okay obviously
I'm being a little facetious here but
we're going to hope that we get an
arcade on the next floor it's like the
perfect combination right now easy boss
plus we already have seven cents means
we get an arcade on the next floor
probably because we don't they use our
bomb right now we can use that to get a
spirit heart perhaps on the next floor
and then deal with the devil comes easy
as well so I'm thinking that you know
conservative estimate definitely we're
getting a blood bag next floor probably
getting the deal with the devil which
means we're going to get brimstone so
brimstone plus a blood bag and then you
know why not just throw on like the pact
for good measure as well we're going to
head down to the next floor right off
the bat and make that dream come true I
think it could happen you always want
there's two different ways that runs go
after a loss
I mean there's probably more than two
different ways but there's two ways that
seem to happen frequently either you
steamroll and it feels like the game is
giving you like a little bit of an easy
time as a result of the fact that you
lost recently or they really start
throwing the heat at you and then go oh
you lost well get ready because now
here's a run that has like literally no
benefits and obviously this run is
disqualified from having no benefits
because 2020 is a probably a top ten
item in the game sometimes I say that
and people go you know top ten like it's
better than top ten I don't know man top
ten is really really good it's just like
it seems like it should be better than
the top ten because there's also a lot
of items and Isaac that do absolutely
nothing or they actively hurt you for
that matter but to be in the top ten is
a huge admission of an item being
amazing like 2020 effectively
productively doubles your DPS which is
something that doesn't happen all that
much like you almost never hit with one
tear and miss with the other one just by
virtue of how close together they are
like a matchbook for an evil upgrade and
then it's not really what I was looking
for but at the same time if we can get
like IV bag we can productively stay in
the Whore of Babylon State and that's
good this is obviously small rock I mean
there's just no G's well will loot
perchance to get a key and hopefully
that will come to fruition we need a key
to get into our shop anyway to begin
with but when you key to get into our
item room to begin with even before
beginning with that other category I
suppose so
throw this down here and see how life
works two more spirit arts skin a little
ridiculous at this point definitely
should have used a bomb to get two bombs
first but still sitting pretty and we do
get an arcade so the blood bag
you know prophecy oh no all of my
prophecies are coming false right now I
would spend all of our money here so
hopefully get a key so let's see what we
can do is you know pretty fly I think
that's not unacceptable
we did get a key as far as I'm concerned
10 cents for a pretty fly and the key is
not that bad
I can live with it at least that's not
our secret room which is kind of blowing
me away so I mean we don't have any
bombs so we actually have to use a key
here even if the secret room is adjacent
first things sack not really worth maybe
anything but in fact I'm like does this
contribute to any kinds there a spider
transformation no II don't believe so so
we're kind of just out here this would
be a great time to get Guppies head
still conceivable could have easily been
tagged there to be honest with you and
not conceivable any longer out here in
the fields I conceived of my deals I'm
like I just can't hit that note I'm
trying you might be saying oh you're
singing wrong no you're the throat
doesn't constrict enough to make that
note hittable my throat at least face
reward I put my back into my lemon thank
you I appreciate it very much
appreciated faith reward hey is
something I mean we got more than enough
HP to feel completely safe about doing
this wouldn't be a bad time to get a
joker card lovers is not worth much
considering our present situation chaos
okay now you can start to think about it
you know what I like to call the chaos
card because I'm doing my impression of
petyr baelish from Game of Thrones the
cod looks like a lad well I mean is
still given us something here so keep
going for it I mean I was actually like
relatively worth it we got something out
of these three keys of catacombs one
what we need I mean now we need more to
use hilariously enough we basically put
our keys in a key bagger but it's a key
bagger that always paid out until the
one time it didn't which strikes me as a
better opportunity to use your keys than
trying to get like you know a humbling
bundle after 30 keys donated or an
attack
after 30 Keys donated the Kaos card now
brings to mind you know we should
consider fighting hush if there's a
reason to fight hush we should consider
fighting hush because the chaos card
makes that fight a very very small price
to pay for getting too doubled item
rooms and you know right now it doesn't
look like a shop is going to be worth
much for us but that can change over the
course of a whole run I mean it's very
much in its infancy here early on come
on with the you know I mean I'm good
thank you
we got another key that key should go to
the item room don't let the siren song
of the golden chest trick you too much
to be honest with you there probably is
a case well you know there's an
empirical analysis to be done to
determine whether or not this is the
case but it's possible that getting a
heareth on card for a key like we did
out of the angelic chest is actually a
better expected value than the average
item room for a key but obviously the
variance is a little lower as well which
is unfortunate because we would love to
get like a you know God ed or something
out of it if possible it is pretty good
speed upgrade that means we can absorb
that's how I think about speed upgrades
now it's first off if our speed is bad
then obviously it's nice but even if our
speed is good this means that we can now
absorb a speed downgrade without being
too cheesed about it so we can get like
small rock now we can get kidney stone
not that that's something we'd aspire to
but we can get kidney stone without
thinking it's too rough that was a bad
kick but it still worked and I mean at
this point why not just see what you got
could have been a good shop was not but
that's okay
I think it's very short-sighted it is
lacking vision to use the chaos card to
kill Gertie junior Gertie juniors
already half dead have you seen how long
it takes to kill hush I have if you
don't watch the dailies you should first
off because you know my livelihood
secondly though because you'll get a
really appreciation for how long those
hush fights can be in certain situations
so we get a range upgrade and a lock
upgrade along with the penny and then
five five table d5 demon chest for chole
bombs three blue flies two spirit hearts
and til that has given health up you
gotta admit considering that song was
written at runtime
it was appropriate at least so that also
we beat the odds to get to deal with the
devil and then sadly the payoff from the
deal with the devil is kind of garbage
but it's the way the cookie crumbles
sometimes it's not like actually never
mind
it is like it hurts our chances because
it does compromise our deal with the
devil chances on his floor or as I call
them our deal with the chapel's
apparently it compromises our deal with
the devil chances on this floor to have
gotten a bad deal with the devil lasts
for it's going to compromise it whether
it's good or bad but the fact that it
was bad means it's compromising it for
effectively nothing but hey all we got
to do is beat the odds again and then
then we're through the woods okay I mean
it's great I'll break is an awesome item
I'm extremely pleased to have it we're
continually getting like just enough
keys to be happy but you could get too
few keys to be happy so just enough as
far as I'm concerned is completely fine
now we're looking for things that
synergize with this so honestly number
two seem any anything that does damage
over the scope of the room I think is
valuable enough to consider as useful
here like do they nerf chariot cards
because like I swear used to be able to
run into any not
boss enemy and kill him anyway so toxic
shock would also be awesome if we could
if we could get the teamwork to make the
dream work there and you know the
outbreaks gonna spread here so these
guys are totally dusted you don't have
to pay attention to the outbreak to make
it work but you know I we're still got
we've still got three point five damage
here so we're kind of bringing up the
rear when it comes to that all we need
to do is hopefully survive long enough
to get a good payout there I mean
outbreak again it helps we're getting
some things that make it easier for us
to deal damage or you either to kill
enemies with low damage like 2020s
another great example but there's no
substitute most of the time for just
getting some raw damage there's like one
substitute in the substitute is mom's
knife even Brynn stone usually requires
a little bit of damage leverage but I
will say you know outbreaks got a chance
it's helping us out I mean the runs good
look at our HP we're completely we also
what we got a damage upgrade from being
on this room but but how I'm looking at
our items and I'm like no seriously but
how we got like it's like the longer you
survive on a room without break the more
damage you get oh no it's you you idiot
Samson's lock
it's not grade but hey you know I'm not
going to turn up my nose of some damage
upgrades at this point I'm not going to
turn up my nose like the skater girl
wait now she wasn't a skater girl that's
the problem like the girl in skater boy
by Avril Lavigne all of her friends
turned up their nose because they had a
problem with his baggy clothes you know
what you judgemental teams you deserve
to be pooped on by him when he makes it
big on the X Games I think sure that's a
career that lasts for about you know 14
minutes of TV time give or take but you
turned up your noses at his baggy
clothes this you judgmental so-and-so's
I mean sure Avril Lavigne wrote a song
of value and then forever you are
enshrined as a jerk because of the
things you did is a 16 year old but
you're the dick in this situation
doesn't mean the song was probably not
actually written about any real-world
situation it's not controversial to say
let me choose she probably just made
skater boy up you think this was the
most likely outcome I'd say she tried me
the skater boy and that's not bad it's
not only it makes a song any worse I'm
just trying to keep it you know on the
level here oh my Lanta so we picked up
my shadow from the deal with the devil
which is like fair to say it's not
something to get too excited about
however if we can get like IV bag which
we can't get here but if we can somehow
get IV bag you know on the next floor we
can start to make a lot of shadows and
then you know maybe one day that somehow
correlates with us crushing it
but for now we're kind of in like the
world's longest holding pattern here
well we try to come up with with
something that makes us a little bit
more excited about this run like it
would go a long way for my enjoyment if
we could if we can get a great item room
here runs not terrible again like 2020
is 2020 and outbreak are doing all the
heavy lifting but we are starting to
approach the point where I think even
despite getting 2020 I'm literally the
first room we walked into we didn't
spawn into I can start to be like we are
and geez kind of dried up on this one we
we've gotten or Babylon but there's been
no way to make Whore of Babylon work and
then you know we've got to deal with the
devil that ended up being garbage we
keep stalking ourselves well with spirit
arts we're like no risk of imminent
death but you know life can come at you
pretty fast later on that's what has me
worried a little bit I think we got
lucky that guy was moving at the end
there there's a lot of items that can
bridge the gap for us right now though
like just off the top of my head pyro
obviously dr. fetus epic fetus but even
just getting pyro would be like enough
99 bombs we could use two bombs per room
and almost certainly by the end of our
by the end of our bombs we would have
gotten an item that would make life a
little bit more survivable for us here
at least you know enemy life a little
bit less survivable that I mean the sad
thing is we can't afford to take that
damage but we shouldn't that's just as
lazy damage right there I'm not trying
to mimics outbreak too much but if we
can get the first enemy to die near a
lot of other enemies this guy is having
some trouble that's the dream sissy
longlegs is very very good as like it's
a kind of item you're always going to be
a little happy to have so I'm certainly
not anti sissy longlegs but it's not
quite the
the cool we were hoping for I think
that's okay you know more the more
spiders the merrier
I mean they are going to do double 3.50
damage which is not a ton but certainly
not nothing plus F can you hate sissy
long oh just kind of walking around
there being like hey mind if I make your
run slightly better and you're like no
sissy long legs thanks for donating your
time to make my run slightly better that
was there is so no reason for us to take
damage I'm not even going to talk about
the second hit but that's bad yeah yeah
somehow open I thought we were
completely out of the hip box I got
overly cocky so there is a tinted rock I
get you to shoot over here because I've
used all my bombs I guess he has no eyes
so he doesn't really know where we are
so we still got to deal with the devil
and the deal with the devil of course
was my shadow I'm thinking about my
shadow when you gonna bring it pointing
it'll bring it
we are just like being starved here
again this kind of run is hard to
complain about you at 20/20 right off
the bat and then complain people think
you're being very ungrateful and does
some extent they're not wrong but you're
on floor six all your stats but speed
and and luck are basically at the
default level leaves you in a an
enviable spot the run as so much leeway
when it comes to surviving like that's
if we were on like two HP we'd probably
be dead and you know the amount of
spirit hearts we got on this run was
ridiculous but if we were on to HP we
probably wouldn't have made it but we're
on five plus infinity apparently so
that's I mean more options I think is
fine then we'll donate as much money as
we can here to try to you know amp up
our luck facts or at least
a little bit we got a two-cent key that
doesn't happen all that often we did get
a luck upgrade so it ended up working
out but we we need more and I'm not
ashamed to say it at this point maybe
you know 10 minutes ago that it sends
the wrong message but right now this run
is real bad from a stat standpoint it's
got some good utility it's in a
comfortable place but that's going to
change you know it's like we're in an
armchair that has a time bomb strapped
to it sure may is a lazy boy but that
doesn't mean you want to sit in it until
it literally blows up
so we're just going to keep you know
doing that we're leaving consumables
behind because I'm kind of trying to go
a little bit faster I'm willing to
sacrifice spirit hours to get into this
curse room and hopefully pop but we need
to get something a teleport card gear
would allow me to get into boss rush and
get out so I would be into it we want to
come back for chaos luckily we don't to
worry about it because we've cards look
kind of garbage
this item room is of the like
unbelievable utmost importance no you
don't get a chance to you don't get a
chance to go as close as we probably are
to the boss room I don't think we're
gonna I mean even this is not that good
but I don't think we're going to be able
to make boss rush honestly hey once
algae's also good but you got to keep
the chaos card at this point even if we
only use it for one boss like at the
very end
juicy sack is just okay it's not bad
it's just okay and then you know
honestly that describes a lot of the
items we picked up on this run you know
we're trying to build a good University
transcript here out of just see pluses
again you know C's get degrees man but
trying to be a little bit more
entertaining and impressive here and
really starting to get to the point
where I'm not sure it's going to happen
like I'm tempted to open that golden
chest despite the fact that it'll
definitely cost me a spirit all right
now I'm not going to do it because it's
just actually stupid but the temptation
is genuinely there all we can really do
I think is have hope that it's going to
come together here that was by the way
our last opportunity for there's options
or more options as well so what's going
on here many bombs many keys and and
battery charges that we're never going
to be able to use
I don't think we're gonna make boss rush
regardless so I straight out I think
you'd take the time to open that and
then you bet me we'll try to get to it
but I don't think we're I don't think
it's likely leave it at that and I don't
think we should like overextend
ourselves but I don't even think we
should use bombs to try that I just
don't think it's likely at this point
plus we'd have to fight boss rush so
you're watching like the rare willing
opt-out of boss rush it's just not it's
not right for this run takes a lot for
me to say that trying to keep my APM
upset that that that that doesn't it I
see people doing that in battleground so
that's how I know that games starting to
pass me by on the community side let's
go okay here we go we got all good item
and to be honest with you I think I
might just take sister Maggie for extra
damage but succubus is not good because
of the damage buff but that's okay you
know it's helpful it's good because of
the damage it'll do without us having to
be right next to an enemy so that's
really the be-all end-all of this item
then II bloody Penny's got something
going for it here I think we could we
could definitely consider that it is
fair to suggest that we need more damage
so maybe Samson's Locke isn't that bad
but and it isn't that bad but it's not
what we need it doesn't have enough of
what we need
if I'm being 100% clear neither its
succubus we need some day succubus is
it's an Ouroboros you know it's a
two-way street that's not what an
Ouroboros is but you get the idea
it's um this is a situation where we
need more damage to make succubus do
more damage so that we don't need to
have as much damage as we already have
like succubus does damage proportional
to our existing damage stat so it's kind
of bad right now to be honest with you
we know this bombs are key right yeah
alrighty I think we take this because I
do think that survival is going to be
dangerous
starting pretty soon would you say that
your safety is not guaranteed sure you
know why not it's an internet meme we
got him boys
I think bloody penny demons tail is
better if you know or you're confident
at least that you're not going to have
to use red hearts I'm not that confident
we're not going to have to use red
hearts anymore by the way straight up I
think we're going to probably not make
the hush fight I would be content to
make it because as long as we don't whip
with the chaos guard begin to item rooms
for golden chests or maybe red chests
depending on how things go but for
golden chests and a shop and we can
afford the shop so like there's a lot of
good stuff that we could get as a result
of being there and we really can use
anything so I'm not in a position to be
making you know I will only go down so
if we get something great really like
anything that improves our damage is
great but I really literally think we
will not make it I don't think we can
get there in time I don't think we will
get there in time
rather should get the key
and bloody penny is really going to look
idiotic until it doesn't I think it's
the the best way I can describe it is
probably rated the outset it isn't it
would be great for me if this was never
useful for us on this run that would in
most cases probably indicate that we we
won to be honest so I would be content
but this is a perfect outbreak room
we're just taking High Priestess for now
as well so we can hopefully you know
poop on the bus loses few spirit arts as
possible but I do expect that you know
we'll probably end up making bloody
penny prove that it's it's got some
value to it
sadly dude I don't know like this is
it's funny on the last run we had ninety
damage so we have ninety damage and we
complained we complained for great
reasons because ninety damage doesn't
mean anything if every time you tap the
button there's like a 70% chance to get
hit because you have seven range and nip
attack with mom's eye but the irony is
not lost on me I'll admit that now I'm
on this run and I'm like please God
provide for me like we're gonna get it
yeah
provide for me something here anything
it's not unreasonable to ask for one
damage upgrade 7 floors into the games
it's very reasons reasonable I would
like these guys to be on top of one
another
maybe I'm getting stuck in a value trap
though I want a high priestess to hit
both
he's basically a God
still one should be one should be very
close to death I think it's that one Wow
it's not conceivable that they're both
like alive we you know I'll just be
honest with you we earned a deal with
the devil there we didn't get one but we
earned one and I mean that we played
very well there
so now so the bloody penny sweepstakes
everybody the bloody penny sweepstakes
we have three HP and close to base stats
plus twenty twenty in succubus I know
you're not gonna let me forget about
that one you're right you shouldn't
forget about it but also I'm just it's
speed just like really good and it keeps
getting better it's not like I wanted to
tears upgrade or anything like that I
mean we'll go with here's upgrade beyond
the run like this and probably provide
us with any benefit whatsoever to do
more damage to enemies that otherwise
could hurt us I mean what's the point
huh but still dude so we get at least a
couple free plays on this I think we
should say I don't know maybe we
shouldn't I was thinking like nevermind
we don't to worry about a blood bank at
all why was I even concerned
yeah that's Epps pair that's damage I
deserved this through poor play it's
unfortunate that that lines up with us
you know really really wanting a deal
with devil on this floor we're in a
dangerous place the half spear at heart
helps we need to stay at a half heart
interval as much as possible we got to
play this guy basically what it all
comes down to and you know the standards
Eevee from this guy is one HP and I
think that that would give us a much
greater chance of winning although not
as much as like any damage improvement
would probably give us but still not in
a position to really be making demands
oh I thought I had that lined up
perfectly but we should have gone slower
there okay we're back to three and a
half and this is where bloody penny and
Yama hard both show like their chops to
items that have a tendency to get cramps
on a little bit not that commonly used
in this day and age but on this run they
could be the difference man this could
be a secret room and if it's a secret
room we should try to make a play like
we should try to go you use it as like a
launching point to get to a boss rush
potentially I mean that doesn't really
interest me bye boss rush i mean hush
fight because really like we can get
through that hush fight we can get
through the first phase with base stats
that should be like almost no problem
just do not miss with the chaos car -
your life is over and then the hush
fight we're doing it for the item rooms
at this point and the golden chest
because the shop is maybe not as much of
a lock as it was before that judgement
but the judgment provided us with
something useful anyway you know all
these red hearts I'm looking at him and
I'm thinking one day one day you're
going to give me you're going to give me
something here unlimited bombs I don't
want the heart if possible unlimited
bombs is very good watch battery not as
relevant as we would need it to be here
so it actually looks like we'll probably
make the hush fight although I'm not
sold that this mom's heart fight is
going to finish that quickly I think
it's going to be a little rough but
should look for a second secret room
while we have unlimited bombs and well
we're here yeah it was an unlikely
situation to be fair this is a this is a
tricky one man oh oh you would never
expect that to items from two adjacent
nubs with a health upgrade the food so
yeah I mean we want blood clot we want
placenta why because I did okay but the
damage upgrade from blood clot half of
our tears do double damage instance like
the 20/20 thing is good and I'm again in
like actually no position to be mad
about it at all but we would love some
raw statistical improvement even 18%
deal with the devil if possible I would
prefer not to squander that I have I put
us in a really really tough position on
that dodge there was a much better way
to approach that that probably leads to
me being 20 times safer
we might not make the hush fight dude
succubus take out the nub please please
please now we kind of bricked it
honestly so we're going to miss the hush
fly but there is a bright side Isaac's
gonna eat this chaos card the dude is
done just might as well get to a half
heart as we head down on the next floor
or head up to the next floor rather they
are dead set on not improving our base
damage on this run and if you still
think like that's not something worth
complaining about giving the blood clot
pick up on most runs and I'm not this is
just a study of you know society is not
like a mathematical analysis on most
runs you would pick up blood clot you'd
be like oh cool blood clot on this run
we're like blood clot has come to save
us so you know that perception should
tell you a little bit about the
statistical look of this run right now
ie is weird so we got tons of hearts
that means you should definitely go in
this room it's nothing but I mean the
flies not insignificant oh thank you
placenta or maybe I walked over a heart
I just didn't really see I think it was
placenta uh don't don't squander hearts
like don't take damage unnecessarily
these hearts may come in extreme handy
later the ideal situation here by the
way is to get a gyro rune the trout's
gyro rune drops we use our chaos card to
kill eyes that go back to wherever the
era rune is and take that down to the
next floor because I don't think four
items are going to do it if we're
talking about Turk this dis run it's
gotten almost no chance of being like a
great run it could be a fun run with a
good combination of four items a couple
items we'll just do it by itself but
you know if we get a peek at we're
probably set for example so I just had
to rub my eye a little bit there I don't
like these enemies oh I thought we could
beat the system there three point five
then when you're when your luck starts
to out crest you're damaged you know you
know something's gotten terribly awry
I'm like I'm stun I'm lost for words I'm
at a loss for words that's probably the
expression like what do you say about
this run I haven't complained about
already did we get contract from below
or was that on our last row there might
have been on our last run I'd be happy
to have it if it showed up because you
know our luck stat is fine being able to
double our our chests would be really
useful at the present moment we're
really we were lucky we got six HP
because we can have a little bit more
leeway to make the world work but I mean
we are sincerely just sort of eating it
right now it's just not good I'm not
taking it out on ten twenty twenty if I
did a Power Rankings twenty twenty still
up there do 20 20
you know what 20 20 20 20 I'd vote for
it see that's a joke about it running in
an election you're probably saying why'd
you say on election instead of the
American presidential election other
countries are going to have elections in
2020 you jerk
it's very presumptuous of you okay no ha
ha ha yeah maybe you know your ask any
when they come over for a potluck then I
Drive all the way across the city and
you all did you sorry I forgot to get
any food I thought you were going to
bring it all that's I mean the metaphor
makes no sense to me
is this it is spun okay our first damage
upgrade and then our next damage upgrade
now we have ten damaged these are good
items good enough to make the run easy
no but I think good enough to make the
run and win if we were in a dicey spot
to begin with so it is we still have the
base rate of fire and base rate of fire
ten point five damage is not even like
well you might be like seven and a half
out of ten
but it's definitely not nine but 2020
does pull it back in minute yeah we
might be in like the age range now with
2020 and you know outbreak is doing a
little bit less heavy lifting now that's
because it has to do less heavy lifting
now enemies are so much Tangier and
fewer and far between on most rooms
can't spread as easily but we got to
keep stay vigilant basically we're a
perfect match for rag man like rag man
is going to get pooped on luck
we need more drops I mean we have like
more drops we're going to win at this
point I'd give us like a 95% chance to
win just not really cocky that's kind of
like the average wind chance I think on
most Isaac runs so I think we're up
there now but it was this was a slog
hopefully it was at least entertaining
at times because the quality of the run
is quite poor temperance is kind of an
interesting get right now you might be
saying well you should play it because
you have bloody penny and then you got
young hard you know in case the bloody
penny stuff doesn't work out that well
and you're not wrong but the problem is
that there's no reason like what are we
looking for blood bag we get the 7 HP
we're already had the speedcap like it
just it provides us with very little
benefit unless we get sacks instead of
pennies so if we were at like 2 HP I
think I'd have to start thinking about
it because getting that third level of
HP might be useful although it would be
riskier to play in the first place but
at 6 HP we're we're doing fine and we're
probably going to we're probably going
to bring this one home it's just one of
those runs where you're like ok I mean
thanks for the help
could you spread out the damage upgrade
so I got one well you know we weren't on
the chest
it's just lifetime to experience doing
decent damage and also like man some of
these rooms were a rat all freaking
order
we made it thank you to succubus
outbreak in and 2024 really making the
dream work on that one finish this run
go get my blood pressure back to normal
and hopefully on the next round we're
not quite as doomed
why does do bombs I mean we should go
for the shoot well that's terrible
I'm going to say we should go for the
virus I was missing with some of these
2020 shots and that was ill-advised luck
give me some luck you not giving me any
lucky of me steam cell it's like a why
pick it up why not pick it up sort of
situation speed down I mean you can take
it as like a joke what we could do with
temperance is I mean if we have extra HP
there's sort of no reason not to do it
except for you know at some point you've
got to factor in the value that you'd
expect to get worth like versus the
amount of your own life that you're
going to trade to it like I'm giving you
minutes out of my life to play this
blood bank that I will never get back
unless we invent a you know immortal
life or something like that I'm Odin Joe
in mouths words but we could we could
eat it on this room to be honest you
have a lot of eyes there's eyes
everywhere
like so we have a resource to play it
but like what's the point I'll dude
please I'm begging you
young hard you've been so good but to
get a great outbreak play by the way but
to get shoopdawhoop here I'd be the
happiest of all campers all right well
you know I wasn't like I was invested in
the chance of getting that item or
anything like that I mean I was just
hoping that I could kill enemies without
it taking a hundred years but I guess
you know we should all be so lucky who
wants to live forever
that's not how Freddie Mercury sounds
this is an old-timey radio announcer
perilous news the Endon burg have gone
down do a whole episode in that voice I
will have no throat left by the end of
that but I appreciate your desire for
fresh content don't get me wrong okay we
should open that because every item is
it is a blind bag chance at happiness
and that's not going to do it might be a
passive but at this point I want to win
with as little as possible or get an
amazing item because if we win with as
little as possible I can take more
credit
oh you are going to get so highly dusted
blue baby highly dusted doo doo doo doo
doo and that's what you get for giving
me no damage can't the tears upset we're
giving it's easy to do because there's
none
don't even you know what give me the
void floor so I can deny you the same
way you denied me happiness here okay
well anyway that's a win and as always
had a great time hope you enjoyed it be
Pickler the like button l said a great
deal of course subscribe you want to see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and thanks for your support
and I'll see you next time